---

title: Home

navigation: false

layout: page

main:
  fluid: false

---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero

---

cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/getting-started

secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/tj-actions

---

# Welcome to TJ Actions Documentation!

## Automate Your Workflows with Ease

At TJ Actions, we provide a comprehensive suite of tools and resources to help you streamline your development processes and enhance productivity.

---

## What We Offer

- **Diverse Actions Library**: Access a wide range of GitHub Actions tailored for various tasks and workflows.
- **User-Friendly Documentation**: Step-by-step guides and examples to help you integrate our actions seamlessly into your projects.
- **Real-World Solutions**: Proven actions that have been successfully implemented in numerous projects.

---

## Getting Started

To dive into our offerings, explore our GitHub projects:

- [Github Projects](https://github.com/tj-actions)

---

## Key Features

### GitHub Actions

Discover our curated collection of GitHub Actions that simplify automation and enhance your CI/CD workflows.

### Integrations

Seamlessly integrate with popular tools and platforms to optimize your development pipeline.

### Resources

Utilize our extensive resources, including tutorials, FAQs, and best practices to maximize the effectiveness of your workflows.

---

## Stay Connected

Follow us on GitHub to stay updated on new features and improvements.

- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/tj-actions)

---
